Moderators flag accounts they want and its completely invisible to you. What does "flagging" imply? you will NEVER be able to post directly on the forum again.
When they flag your account, your posts are "retained for revision" and they will probably just dissaprove them. All of them. 
Like real police, if they want to charge you with something, they just do by stretching their "rules" to fit a contravention.
You will notice lots of banned or warned users.

Learn this: Internet doesn't have real rules. Its about interaction and people that like any of us, feel anger, anxiety or are simply trolling because they are in a power position. 
Nobody is going to lose their job as moderator or administrator because of not following police rules. They want to ban you, they do. The lesson: don't appeal bans or warnings or whatever,
they will feel their vengance/trolling is doing the right effect. You just tell them you feel bad because of a ban, they rejoice. Got it?

Learn this 2: Don't interact. Lurk, leech, download what you want. Don't make your accounts "valuable" by sharing or giving them some "emotional value", keep them as "new user", keep them disposable. You do this, you win.

Learn this 3: Like 102% all the forums about piracy: they are hypocrites at 100000%. So don't go talking against the game industry, lazy devs, scam tactics of devs or the state of the "steam sewer".

Learn this 4: Developers go into the forum like anyone can, some to check how their games are being pirated, others, to see what the people are saying about the game, others just want to "defend" their creations disguised as normal trolls in the forum. You get a 
disproportional reply after some critics, you are likely talking with someone of the team that made that game or close-to. Of course, being games the main theme, you will also encounter kids and fanatics that don't have a life and feel you are attacking their tastes
and will try to troll too. Devs know these sites way before they even thought of making their own games, just like you and me.

Mechanics: 

* You can make as many accounts as you want, Mods can't see who you are. They can compare IP's if they want but its rare unless you get notorious (in a bad way). Use a vpn when possible.

* New accounts are automatically flagged by default, this flag will lift after a time (haven't measured them, but its more or less like a month).

* Mods take a grudge on you by what you post. Two alternatives: don't get their attention by not expressing yourself (you know, be the average 'forum user': anime avatar, oportunistic comments but no criticism) or simply don't interact AT ALL.
                                                                                       
* Use disposable emails that let you make the verification step (click the link they send to you) this means you must use a temporal mailbox and not random invented mail addresses.

* I've created 10 accounts one after the other in one hour. This helps because those accounts will be there waiting in case needed and while they "wait" their "revision flag" will lift.
                                                                                       
* Wanna win a discussion with someone? play dirty as they do. Just log in with different accounts and start posting that you are right, whatever you said. Yeah, its not that all people is against you, its one dude and 5 different accounts. 
Of course, mind the user rank; but you can always say "I'm a lurker and don't post much". Having disposable accounts created since years ago HELPS A LOT. Don't forget your anime avatar and invented romanized japanese name, 'Hiroyiuki'.


Good luck.



                                                                                       





  
